https://catalyst-fe33d0.webflow.io/

CATALYST


Accelerates the Chemical Reactions between Technology and Humanity.
Technology is convenient. Technology is dangerous. Technology is personal. Technology connects. Technology is addictive. Technology heals. Technology isolates. Technology meets. Technology creates new value. Technology destroys existing values.Technology is convenient. Technology is dangerous. Technology is personal. Technology connects. Technology is addictive. Technology heals. Technology isolates. Technology meets. Technology creates new value. Technology destroys existing values.Technology is convenient. Technology is dangerous. Technology is personal. Technology connects. Technology is addictive. Technology heals. Technology isolates. Technology meets. Technology creates new value. Technology destroys existing values.Technology is convenient. Technology is dangerous. Technology is personal. Technology connects. Technology is addictive. Technology heals. Technology isolates. Technology meets. Technology creates new value. Technology destroys existing values.Technology is convenient. Technology is dangerous. Technology is personal. Technology connects. Technology is addictive. Technology heals. Technology isolates. Technology meets. Technology creates new value. Technology destroys existing values.Technology is convenient. Technology is dangerous. Technology is personal. Technology connects. Technology is addictive. Technology heals. Technology isolates. Technology meets. Technology creates new value. Technology destroys existing values.Technology is convenient. Technology is dangerous. Technology is personal. Technology connects. Technology is addictive. Technology heals. Technology isolates. Technology meets. Technology creates new value. Technology destroys existing values.Technology is convenient. Technology is dangerous. Technology is personal. Technology connects. Technology is addictive. Technology heals. Technology isolates. Technology meets. Technology creates new value. Technology destroys existing values.Technology is convenient. Technology is dangerous. Technology is personal. Technology connects. Technology is addictive. Technology heals. Technology isolates. Technology meets. Technology creates new value. Technology destroys existing values.Technology is convenient. Technology is dangerous. Technology is personal. Technology connects. Technology is addictive. Technology heals. Technology isolates. Technology meets. Technology creates new value. Technology destroys existing values.
We are CATALYST

Technology changes society, both positively and negatively.
Such changes are inevitable.
As CATALYST, we strive to advance humanity with the most rapid and stable application of technology.
Technology is convenient. Technology is dangerous. Technology is personal. Technology connects. Technology is addictive. Technology heals. Technology isolates. Technology meets. Technology creates new value. Technology destroys existing values.Technology is convenient. Technology is dangerous. Technology is personal. Technology connects. Technology is addictive. Technology heals. Technology isolates. Technology meets. Technology creates new value. Technology destroys existing values.Technology is convenient. Technology is dangerous. Technology is personal. Technology connects. Technology is addictive. Technology heals. Technology isolates. Technology meets. Technology creates new value. Technology destroys existing values.Technology is convenient. Technology is dangerous. Technology is personal. Technology connects. Technology is addictive. Technology heals. Technology isolates. Technology meets. Technology creates new value. Technology destroys existing values.Technology is convenient. Technology is dangerous. Technology is personal. Technology connects. Technology is addictive. Technology heals. Technology isolates. Technology meets. Technology creates new value. Technology destroys existing values.Technology is convenient. Technology is dangerous. Technology is personal. Technology connects. Technology is addictive. Technology heals. Technology isolates. Technology meets. Technology creates new value. Technology destroys existing values.Technology is convenient. Technology is dangerous. Technology is personal. Technology connects. Technology is addictive. Technology heals. Technology isolates. Technology meets. Technology creates new value. Technology destroys existing values.Technology is convenient. Technology is dangerous. Technology is personal. Technology connects. Technology is addictive. Technology heals. Technology isolates. Technology meets. Technology creates new value. Technology destroys existing values.Technology is convenient. Technology is dangerous. Technology is personal. Technology connects. Technology is addictive. Technology heals. Technology isolates. Technology meets. Technology creates new value. Technology destroys existing values.Technology is convenient. Technology is dangerous. Technology is personal. Technology connects. Technology is addictive. Technology heals. Technology isolates. Technology meets. Technology creates new value. Technology destroys existing values.
We Make Evolution

Technology leads to the transformation and breakdown of society, ultimately resulting in societal evolution.
We challenge established  prohibition, making things most humane and inclusive.
We accelerate humanity's evolution through technology.

With the birth of 'mirrorboard', from now on, a 'web address' is not just an ‘address’ to access a website, but a space where you can meet and chat with one another, just like an actual 'address' in real life.
‍


Extension

mirrorboard

Our proprietary generative AI technology produces highly realistic stock images. Users can freely customize various aspects of stock characters, such as age, race, gender, skin texture, and gesture. Additionally, we offer a text generator, stock presets, and a Figma plug-in.
‍


Technology is convenient. Technology is dangerous. Technology is personal. Technology connects. Technology is addictive. Technology heals. Technology isolates. Technology meets. Technology creates new value. Technology destroys existing values.Technology is convenient. Technology is dangerous. Technology is personal. Technology connects. Technology is addictive. Technology heals. Technology isolates. Technology meets. Technology creates new value. Technology destroys existing values.Technology is convenient. Technology is dangerous. Technology is personal. Technology connects. Technology is addictive. Technology heals. Technology isolates. Technology meets. Technology creates new value. Technology destroys existing values.Technology is convenient. Technology is dangerous. Technology is personal. Technology connects. Technology is addictive. Technology heals. Technology isolates. Technology meets. Technology creates new value. Technology destroys existing values.Technology is convenient. Technology is dangerous. Technology is personal. Technology connects. Technology is addictive. Technology heals. Technology isolates. Technology meets. Technology creates new value. Technology destroys existing values.Technology is convenient. Technology is dangerous. Technology is personal. Technology connects. Technology is addictive. Technology heals. Technology isolates. Technology meets. Technology creates new value. Technology destroys existing values.Technology is convenient. Technology is dangerous. Technology is personal. Technology connects. Technology is addictive. Technology heals. Technology isolates. Technology meets. Technology creates new value. Technology destroys existing values.Technology is convenient. Technology is dangerous. Technology is personal. Technology connects. Technology is addictive. Technology heals. Technology isolates. Technology meets. Technology creates new value. Technology destroys existing values.Technology is convenient. Technology is dangerous. Technology is personal. Technology connects. Technology is addictive. Technology heals. Technology isolates. Technology meets. Technology creates new value. Technology destroys existing values.Technology is convenient. Technology is dangerous. Technology is personal. Technology connects. Technology is addictive. Technology heals. Technology isolates. Technology meets. Technology creates new value. Technology destroys existing values.
Be the CATALYST

Catalysts bring change. We do not fear change, we embrace it.
Catalysts are helpful. We serve to make technology beneficial to humanity.
Catalysts are fast. We enable humanity to utilize technology safely one day ahead.
Catalysts are efficient. We eliminate unnecessary conventions and biases in all processes.

If you resonate with our spirit, regardless of your form as an employee, colleague, or customer, you can join us.
Choose how you want to be with us.

Meet Malik, your virtual team member brought to life with Recipe-p's AI stock.
Suggestion
Career
Technology is convenient. Technology is dangerous. Technology is personal. Technology connects. Technology is addictive. Technology heals. Technology isolates. Technology meets. Technology creates new value. Technology destroys existing values.Technology is convenient. Technology is dangerous. Technology is personal. Technology connects. Technology is addictive. Technology heals. Technology isolates. Technology meets. Technology creates new value. Technology destroys existing values.Technology is convenient. Technology is dangerous. Technology is personal. Technology connects. Technology is addictive. Technology heals. Technology isolates. Technology meets. Technology creates new value. Technology destroys existing values.Technology is convenient. Technology is dangerous. Technology is personal. Technology connects. Technology is addictive. Technology heals. Technology isolates. Technology meets. Technology creates new value. Technology destroys existing values.Technology is convenient. Technology is dangerous. Technology is personal. Technology connects. Technology is addictive. Technology heals. Technology isolates. Technology meets. Technology creates new value. Technology destroys existing values.Technology is convenient. Technology is dangerous. Technology is personal. Technology connects. Technology is addictive. Technology heals. Technology isolates. Technology meets. Technology creates new value. Technology destroys existing values.Technology is convenient. Technology is dangerous. Technology is personal. Technology connects. Technology is addictive. Technology heals. Technology isolates. Technology meets. Technology creates new value. Technology destroys existing values.Technology is convenient. Technology is dangerous. Technology is personal. Technology connects. Technology is addictive. Technology heals. Technology isolates. Technology meets. Technology creates new value. Technology destroys existing values.Technology is convenient. Technology is dangerous. Technology is personal. Technology connects. Technology is addictive. Technology heals. Technology isolates. Technology meets. Technology creates new value. Technology destroys existing values.Technology is convenient. Technology is dangerous. Technology is personal. Technology connects. Technology is addictive. Technology heals. Technology isolates. Technology meets. Technology creates new value. Technology destroys existing values.
CATALYST Exists

Catalysts shine at moments of change.
However, they are generally stable.
Visit us.
‍

Location

US
Recipe-p Corp.
166 Geary St. 15th Floor, 76, San Francisco, CA 94108
‍
Republic of Korea
mirrorboard Corp.
1st floor, 160, Gwangnaru-ro, Seongdong-gu, Seoul
Contact

Contact@mirrorboard.com
Contact@recipe-p.com